So the next thing we're going to do is
going to be kind of a similar exercise.
But instead of creating
to do's through a forum,
we're going to hit an external API and
then parse that request using a couple of
the JSON related functions
that come with go.
So we're going to hop
over to exercise 12a.
But the first thing I'd like to do is talk
about the API we're actually going to use.
So I'm going to be working
with the HTTPSswapi.co file,
which is the Star Wars API,
which allows you to hit an endpoint and
get a bunch of Star Wars data back.
And the interesting thing about this
particular API which we will look at
right now.
Is it has some cool nested structures to
it that make it interesting to work with,
especially when talking
about HTTP requests, so.
The Star Wars API homepage, so
it's all of the data you've ever wanted
around Star Wars related things.
So the input we're gonna hit is going to
be this base URL, which is swapi.co/api.
And we're going to start with
just getting all of the people.
So one of the endpoints that exists is
/people and you'll see some examples here.
And when you hit request,
you'll see the results come back with
an array of objects in JSON here.
That each have name,
height, hair color, etc.
And then their films actually is
an array of additional endpoints.
They have a list of starships,
a list of vehicles, a list of species.
What's important to note before we get
into the code is that the endpoint is
going to be /people.
That's where we're going to start.
Cool, so let's navigate over to
our code and we're in section 12.
API and API.go.
So what currently exist in this file is
simply the beginning of that base URL, and
if I kill my server.
And let's go ahead and run section
12 server Earth 12_api/code/api.go.
You'll see it simply just
printing out that base server.
It's kind of our starting point.
Cool.
So let's start by adding a route to
/people.
I'm going to give you about five
minutes to build this on your own.
So once that route exists,
we're going to navigate or
fire off the function to
display people on the screen.
And I'd like you to use the F print
function to have something actually
render to the browser when
you see that /people.
So create a route for people and
then write a function that uses fnt.Fprint
that indicates the request was successful.
Just take one to two minutes
to fire off those routes and
you can use the last
exercise as an example.